all right
welcome back to ladybabylon we have a great great appearance tonight from
somebody who's going to help us Bridge the East and the West
so that we can see the big picture of the Bronze Age right
um and we are going to talk about um the reason that we've come lady
Babylon
[Music] thank you
foreign
Maiden chamber in which was the son of Earth in which the girl nursed yourself
begotten offspring with her manly breast lift up your acts that played the
Midwife to save the people of your Athena with your delivering Hatchet
we've come tonight to a place that we're going to look at something that was
proposed to MacMillan press as the follow-up
what I did was we all know about the ionian and the attic and the coin a and
the Dork we know about these different dialects of Greek but I found that
orphic Greek in the existence of the thing called orphic Greek I want to show
you tonight a translation of chapter 17 of John's
apocalypse using the orphic Vox
so this is the language applied to the
chapter to give you a seat in the place of those with ears
to hear I want to read you this little introduction that I wrote for uh uh this
book cracking the first code in the early 19th century
Otto Kern an exceptionally nerdy German scholar of classical Greek discovered a
hidden language buried in the writings of ancient cultists
he called this language the Vox orfica an arrogantly erudite Latin phrase
meaning The orphic Voice because it was originally created by the
cult followers of the famous thracian poet Orpheus
the voice is older than democracy itself it predates Jesus and his Apostles by
almost a millennium and it possesses its own uniquely
compelling linguistic structure within its complex web of intentional
concealment The Voice communicates a clandestine
system of rituals and compound drug recipes that form the
foundation of the world's very first mystery cult
the voice was the linguistic scaffolding upon which the Apostle John knowingly
constructed his apocalypse I'm going to read you
the orphic Vox over revelation 17.
we can look if we have any time we can look at the Greek at the end but I want to give you now the seat so now now what
we've done is it's very simple we've just taken the terms that are used by
the orphic Vox and we're translating them for you and anything
that has an association with that word bringing it out it's true translation so
that you can hear what the actual text is saying
um yeah we yeah we are breaking those
seals which the trojiscoi are little pills
suppositories the seals that you put rectally you
apply rectally so that you may enter the wilderness
okay all right are you with me okay so uh yeah here we go here's the
translation yes warning to the reader I'm sorry I
did I had to officially do that um here we go
one of the seven trans-dimensional Messengers spoke to me
one of the seven Guardians who possesses the seven alchemical distillation
devices pay attention I will show you the condemnation of the
great [__] who manipulates the powers of the dimensional waves with whom the
terrestrial rulers have had intercourse
these Earth rulers inebriated by consuming her own sexual fluids have
filled the terrestrial Dimension with her demonic inspiration
with that the messenger transported Me by means of possession to the place of
vision where I comprehended a woman under the influence of a Scarlet
colored potion which provided her with future sources
of blasphemy the potion was compounded of seven
Venoms and ten Botanicals by means of her burning purple this
Scarlet potion enabled her to carry the purity of the stream of the muses
the precious voices of the oracular priestesses and the jewels of their
pronouncements by means of her oracular voice she dispensed to the terrestrial
World in her fluids from her vagina
this prostitute commanded the accursed powers fated to overthrow God
she stored the power in the form of a highly visible magic name
mystery she was the Persian Queen
great leader of the Magi mother of sexual communion possessor of abominable
god-killing power that resides in earthborn elements
she was made invulnerable by the famous
drugs called the blood of the Holy and the blood of the one who screams
Jesus I was struck I was awestruck by this
great woman when the messenger the one of seven said why are you so
impressed with the woman in the vision I will expose her mystery acts and the
Scarlet potion that gives her power I will expose the potion with its seven
Venoms and it's ten Botanical ingredients he went on the potion you
see which was once made by her is now no longer made
but will return in the future when it is brought again into existence out of the
emptiness of her body it will destroy
God the demons who exercise power in the Earthly realm
will be Thunderstruck when the potion and its use return to
this realm these are the powers not found in the
Book of Life the magic book of Eve whereby Eve's drug recipes were first
established Sophia
Ewa herself will teach the wise the seven serpent Venoms were discovered
on seven mountains where lady mystery once practiced
the powers behind them are of seven types five of them have disappeared one
remains and one will be found in the future when this one is discovered the
potion itself will temporarily return
and the potion which once existed and is no longer present this very potion is
the eighth communion and is the product of the seven Venoms and will bring
destruction of God the ten Botanical ingredients you see
are ten powers not yet manifested but they will combine under the essence of
the seven in one hour when combined in the potion
combined together the Botanicals and the Venoms have one goal one Effect one
power these ingredients will act as antidotes to the RAM and the ram will
Master them because they will make him the master inebriant and the leading
power of powers and these ingredients are carefully chosen
yeah and the One messenger of seven said to me the pharmaceutical ways that you'll
come that uh the pharmaceutical waves that you see commanded by the [__]
these have been preserved by various ethnicities
sex Nations and languages and the ten
sources you see along with the potion these
induce the [__] to produce an orgiastic right and make her to become inspired
they will consume her body and make her burn with fire
for the goddess constructs the POI Potions by putting into their essential
nature the ability to accomplish a single purpose from a plurality of
ingredients she gives the potion the ability to
bring her own song to completion and the woman whom you see she is a great City
the home of the Magi and she gives power to the potion by mixing the powers of
the Earth so
yeah so if you apply the orphic terminology
straight over to the translation that's what you get and
um the pharmaceutical depths of this are
uh you can't you you can't understate them so I I just want you to realize
that this image of the individual who is the one who Bears the cup
the one who brings the cup in analog right for doing this on a logia
um the one that brings the cup is the source of that communion
right and this is you say what communion is this what
um where does this come from I just wanted to read you it's it's the
communion of the virgin um yeah really it's all this form is a
communion of the Virgin yeah um with her virgin milk
she let streams of statutes gush into the baby's lips and drops into the
girl's mouth the sweet produce of the attic be that
um we're talking about the Virgin herself the source of that milk that nourishing
milk we're talking about Estrella
astraia with the Sigma Tau row or Str root
right she is the sister
of the dawnbringer she is the sister of the dawnbringer
okay so again remember the images we're working with the images so and in this old what's called an old
generation of deity within this old generation of deity
um we have laid out for us the plan of how to perform the mystery how to
bring it back so to bring us to the place where we enter death and then are
resurrected from it the whole object if of these Mysteries is that interaction
with the other dimension that is around
you we um we have a goal we get together with the Athenians right and um they're
celebrating the Mysteries our the goal of the myth the Ellis Indian Mysteries is to raise the Korah
it's to visualize the Korah to be able to interact on the level of
the Korah it's a coming together mystery operation is a coming together of those
two Dimensions yeah um and that's why fanes the visible is the god of the
process yeah all from the Throne of Satan is where we is where we get this right um
so I'm reading to you just a couple of little varieties little Snippets I want
to take you quickly then to the Greek text I want to show you a couple of things with Greek here
um Seventeen one let's go 17 1. yeah
um is that do we have 17. yeah there we go um this is just the Nestle Allen text
for those of you who are interested Nestle Allen text um I'm just gonna read through and I'm
gonna give you a flavor for some of the terminology some of the images that are
being thrown around so we've landed squarely tonight at the feet of Lady Babylon
um and who she is we're discovering who she is we're looking from the Throne of
Satan right from that necromantic source that necromantic origin
um so let's just look quick at a little bit of the a little bit of the Greek
um yeah so you're one of these guys one of these
Messengers comes forth right and these Messengers are a very distinct entity in
this realm of the vision of which you are attempting to induce in the death and
Resurrection rise the death and Resurrection brought back right this is this is good you know
does anybody smell Bacchus right yeah we have to have a sacrifice right up front
good take him out dress up pintheist take him out and um watch him pull his head off why
purgation purgation remember this is the environment we're working in
we're working in okay I just want to say a couple of things here what does this Angel have he has to feel us and some
people um you know they'll they'll just try to describe this you know some kind of
offering dish right um and it's it's a kind of a saucer
um but the ones that I've seen they describe being of iron
yes they describe being of iron isn't that interesting that gives us a little place on the
radar there to you know land our ship um but we see these in mystical riots
um the the women in the audience might understand
this better or have a better because it's a theme it's a thing for people with breasts but um they're used as
coverings um by bakans
so mean ads put these things on their chests
um in war situations right because they're very combative they're very
um they don't let you get away with anything yeah and if they catch you they'll Chomp your head off right and
get a group of these ecstatic ecstatic did you notice that lady Babylon right
away enters this is about entering the Ecstasy right yeah so you were smelling we're
smelling uh we're smelling that old orphic religion right from which the
orphic Vox comes so the orphic Vox it's just the images
the orific voice is just the images that are coming through the right
through the right um one beautiful thing is that name at the
end of the episodes that we have that we Flash in front of you there um people people watch Game of Thrones
and Lord of the Rings and things like that um there is something way cooler right
than that they have their languages that they build in these shows and it's great you know it's fantastic it's like
working backwards with the Linguistics right gorgeous Applause for the creativity right but we
have a language that is real and that exists and its name is Dragon tongue
it's supposed to be a language of a higher being
yeah a higher being some of these they call them sons of God
and these guys knew drugs they knew drugs they've walked around teaching people drugs
yeah anyway um sons of God right um so yeah yeah uh uh yeah yeah
so the Beast everybody talks about the Beast so when we take the seal the
trojis when we stick it in our backside and we're entering that stage of vision
and we meet The Messengers right the seven you know this is what
you'll do the PGM has directions just like this for entering the Visionary
state where one can interact then with the beings that are around you
and you'll be surprised you'll be surprised how much of um the New Testament particularly makes
such good sense with this background it's fantastic the the magic you know
there's a reason they're running around talking about The Throne of Satan and and a reason they're running around
saying that Lucifer or Satan is the king of this
um sits on the throne here this is his world you know what I mean he runs things right so yeah my kingdom is not
of this earth right it's not the Earthly Kingdom that he's talking about people don't understand
that because they don't look back they look through the fairy tale it's presented to you by pastors and by
priests yeah when I thought it Seminary I know what I'm talking about
it's not the fairy tale world that you think so this Beast
therion is a poisonous Beast right the strike of this thing
um somebody mentioned scythians before we go on somebody mentioned scythians and uh
um the train is chasing me tonight um somebody mentioned City and I just
wanted to pull up um a definition here for you
um one of the short the very short one for one of the first ones go ahead let's see put that after oh no that's not no
go down to that one you know that one fantastic yeah right right right right
so you know um people really don't know the derivation of this Greek word right
and they'll argue they'll argue the etymology makes it from somewhere else to suit whatever
Indo-European scheme that they're linguistically trying to build right
without knowing and people say the citians um just popped into existence in the
early Iron Age and we have nothing about them from being around well don't worry
they didn't just pop into being through a black hole there were migrations and they were involved up with the Aryans
yeah and the khmerians who most people don't study anymore but this is good
um these guys were from Ukraine this is beautiful I mean beautiful the the
peoples are gorgeous but remember Bronze Age we're in that we're in that Bronze
Age fantastic okay here's what here's um what I'd like to do I'd like to point out a couple other things about this
lady Babylon and what she's doing um in this apocalypse yeah
um and I want to go to oh this should be 17
uh the last number three that I sent yeah this should be yep
yeah the waters which you see right which this the porne which The
Prostitute sits on right which the one who's administering the right sexually right the one the her
with her poornaya and her cup of pornea yeah yeah what are these Waters they're
a lot of right and ethnay yeah in gloss side
they're peoples their sex their tongues so she is preserved within the water
right she sits over it she uses that power
yeah isn't that lovely um reflections yeah or Reflections in the water
yeah you got to put yourself on exactly into their you know little boots
okay um you know um anyway uh yeah the Theon
is there right and there's all sorts of things happening and there's gumni just I just want you to notice the nakedness
and the uh all of a sudden the orgia kick in the rights kick in and all of a
sudden we're sitting at a at an ancient mystery right involving the
the sexual act of ejaculation of a
substance which will
bring you through death to life
yeah and then you'll know and you'll understand you'll have ears
to hear and you'll know and you'll understand and then you can live your life because before you were not plugged
in right you were not plugged in you have been in death
it's him again it's you shut up yo yeah yeah okay uh I will I would like to
drop us there but I want you to um uh be contemplating I want you to be
contemplating the mustadian yeah this right
this action yeah and the prophecy of its completion
and return and return if that happens the promise
is of a saturnian return
yeah a saturnian return the Golden Age
yeah and it somehow we get to uh we have to go through
a a means of bringing a Quantum means of
bringing in an entity making them visible
this is the work of pagan
mystery cult yes
yes um hail Satan Rob is going to talk for a couple of minutes here about some
questions um and we also have Darren and Darren
who did this for me today and I'm very happy I hope he does it just the same for you
he's going to bridge the gap between the East and the West he is going to bring
the mystery to you through the East and I love it I love it it just um and we're
thankful that he can be here to do that and you know it's good on you Darren that you bought your your bachelor's
degree in uh religious histories focusing on the East good for you nice
now here it is use all of that degree Rob do you look what do you have on
questions and whatnot yeah hi amen well sorry well that's
another one we can pause and replay and pause and replay and write down notes and go to the sources and replay and
pause so thank you Armin um did you want a response from Wednesday
and from the last week and we wanted a response from the community we asked for a response soon
we certainly got one a fantastic response from the community um you've seen the comments you've seen
the comments on YouTube yeah we've got Carrie Anne Chrysler she loves your dedication to revealing the mystery she
appreciates all you are and thinks the Muse chose well we've got Ali Rowan join
the Discord thought the study was Exquisite and sharing tons of relevant material we've got Nancy divine
who thanks you as always she's found Byron via desade
and I want to hear more about their poetic feat please if you don't mind
we've got Dio newshos thanks to the texture rude and
disrespectful and there's this but it's there is it not the shortest material
Go Your Own Way go your own way uh Cranium Maximus affirms the cost of
shelling religious knowledge we've got showback lord of the Four Corners we'll
always be supportive and thinks you're one of the best to learn the mysteries from Todd B knows you know
and you you responded with um a comment about Sean armed mind ads
and uh we added quite a few comments from excuse me if we're ruining the name for
iracklish Edis is
just come up with some fantastic responses uh the mythology with the dances and I'd just advise anyone for go
on and and have a look at them comments and there's quite a lot to go into there's a lot of knowledge there so that
that's your YouTube That's from YouTube we've also got Discord the community
responding on Discord we've got wretch who's dropping obscene amounts of
knowledge and information on there people are digging into that and loving it really really loving it we've got Rat
King who's exploring the Palladium amongst many many other interesting posts that are always going
on we've got perio it was revealing an initiation through a
Japanese anime which is fascinating fascinating stuff
absolutely uh we've got old boy who's wanted to explore the significance of
the headless man we've got a question about the headless man and the significance of that many many many more
good things and uh I'm going to cut myself short there and introduce
Darren uh it's gone forward it just takes me up to uh I know him as Lord Snappy but it
takes me up to Darren that does who we all know we've seen him in the comments we all know the name and we all know the
comments and he's been such a massive help in the Discord and on this channel such a such a great album so so much
appreciated and uh I just like past the floor over to their floor is yours
thank you so much Rob I appreciate that a lot you know um so yeah uh this is
really great really happy to be a part of this community and it's it's been really inspiring for me
um I'm coming at this from as Simone was saying an Eastern perspective I have a degree in religious
studies from Carleton University with a specialization on uh tantric shaivism in
India and what I wanted to do for us tonight is in what I did for Amman
earlier today was I gave gave a brief presentation um examining three different myths that
kind of show how um shivite tantrica is related directly
related to the orphic Mysteries and that they are dealing with the same mystery
there's the same uh processes and ideas that are going on so the first myth that we're going to
examine that I want us to go over is the myth of prajapati so uh oh also just
before I go any deeper if anyone wants any sources or anything from me they can just message me on Discord as was said
I'm Lord Snappy I'm not going to assign anything here but yeah so we're going to go directly to the rig Veda to the myth
of prajapati and prajapati within the rig Veda he is the um
primordial sort of male figure and this is sort of a creation cosmogony that's
very similar to the orphic cosmogony in the beginning in the rig Veda they
describe the cosmic Waters okay as a sort of Eternal plane of chaos okay and
at the same time the only other thing that is present is tapas Tapas is
austerity or sort of um violence an attack upon the self it's
also in the later tradition specifically within Tantra it's described as desire
or Shakti okay so Shakti comes upon the waters okay and it commits an act of
violence it commits Tapas and through this toughest upon the Water there is a
heating that occurs and that produces the cosmic egg I'm just gonna quote the
rig Veda now that egg the one a rose through the power of heat desire Came
Upon that one in the beginning that was the first seed of mind
and I don't think I'm making a big stretch seeing how this is related to the orphic cosmogony when next occurs is
that the egg is existing in sort of this perfect state of Eternal Bliss but Tapas
is still there okay this drive to self
um austerity to self-attack and this desire starts to influence and heat up
the egg the egg then cracks and from the egg we are given Lord prajapati Lord's
prajapati the Lord of All Creatures this is a bigendered god this is a
multi-faced multi-armed multifaceted God the representation of the entirety of
all creation the primordial one this is fondness that we see in the orphic
tradition I don't think this is a stretch okay and then what ends up happening with fondness is again we have
this Force this Tapas which in my conception I equate with the ion this is
our Saturn right this toughest force is interacting with projecty and it causes
him to commit austerity okay so he starts to attack himself and from the
shedding on this from this self-sacrifice we get the arising of the
Gods we get the unfolding of creation and this brings us to our second myth
within the rig Vedas we also have the same being seen as the purusha the
cosmic man okay and we know that these beings were equated because the epithetes are almost the exact same and
the language is similar so while a lot of Scholars like to separate purusha and prajapati in my conception they are one
and the same they are both interrelated they're just two separate
um understandings of the same being that come to us in the rig Veda so again within the rig Veda we have this purusia
this purusha is suffering Tapas he is doing Tapas to himself he sacrifices
himself and through that sacrifice the universe is created we are given all of
the Gods we are given the entirety of all of the planets of all of creation it
comes out of this personal sacrifice so most people when they're familiar
with um what we call like the early sort of Hindu tradition the central focus is
this idea of the sacrifice and this purusha myth is at the heart of this the
mystery of The Vedic religion is all about recreating this primordial
sacrifice is that of the cosmic person okay dividing them and separating them
into us so the right takes on two forms by engaging in this sacrificial right we
are in one hand participating in the Act of Creation we are perpetuating creation
forward by sacrificing our horses by emblazing them in the fire and by
sending them up into godhead we are pushing creation ever forward we are
making the sun rise okay that is part of it but there's also the secondary part
the Soma the secret mystery okay what is the function of this second sacrifice of
this Soma when we ingest this Soma and we go back to this part we are still
reliving the sacrifice but this is a sacrifice of return this is about going
back to the original prajapati returning to the cosmic egg returning to the Huron
Garba the golden embryo back to our primordial States and when we go there
we get to exist in the one this is that eternal return this gives us the
overcoming this is our savior aspect of it this is what connects us again to the
orphic mystery now I just want to take a step further into history and now we're going to go
deep into the Tantra and we're going to examine the tantric understanding of a
very common myth the myth of the samudra mantam the samudra montham occurs in the
Mahabharata and this literally means the churning of the ocean of its milk okay
this is a myth it's all about describing How the Gods gain their immortality how
they're able to create the Amrita the Amrit which gives them or the Ambrosia
as we see in the orphic myths that gives them their immortality and what happens
is basically there's this Sage who is shamed by the god injured by accident
and the sage in his anger curses the gods and revokes their power from the
Davis and the Davis are unable to defend themselves and they start to lose
continuously in Wars to the assurance and the assurers they're sort of our Titans the leader of the assures is
Shiva this is our Dionysus figure okay this is our reborn God okay
so the issuers are in control of the world the Devas do not like this they
decide to approach the neutral party the one who's in between the preserver they
go to Vishnu and they ask Vishnu what do we do we've lost their power the the
entire order has been upset we're no longer in control the assures are how do
we restore this and Vishnu says you're thinking about this wrong you need to work with them
you need to come together to do something greater and he tells them of
the Amrit and he says if you work together you can gain immortality and you can produce the milk from the ocean
okay now what we have just understood earlier in
the rig Vedic hymns and in the rigmatic myths is that the original figure is
this projapity this purusha this Cosmic person who is sacrificed and becomes the
literal embodiment of the physical Universe he is the earth and the oceans
what are we churning we are churning the purusha okay what do the gods and the
well sorry what did the Davis and the asuras do they band together and they take the tallest mountain they take
Mount meru then Vishnu transforms himself into kumara the primordial
turtle and they stick these together and they create our lingam our Unity of the
phallus and the vagina the linga and the Yoni all right and they use this to
churn the ocean for its milk okay they take the snake the Cosmic World snake
the Suki and they use him as a rope and through rubbing in friction with the
mount meru they cause this friction to churn and produce the amrites but while
they're doing this physical task of churning of affilating okay
vasuki spews poison and this poison is going to destroy both the Davis and the
asuras but Shiva Rises to the occasion and he decides to sacrifice himself he
drinks up all of the Suki's poison he consumes it all and it is about to kill
him but just before it kills him the goddess appears this poverty his Divine
lover and she stops the poison in his neck and in the tantric tradition they
interpret this sexually okay what is going on here is a sexual process of
transmutation the poison goes throughout shiva's body and it permanently turns
him blue and then what is described is that poverty and Shiva produce the Soma they
draw down the moon and they add that to the churning of the oceans to help
create the Amrit and at this the gods are also throwing in countless herbs and
spices and other psychoactive elements as they are churning this milk and they
are creating the samarites right yeah let me let me say let me just step in first of all uh that's gorgeous that's
absolutely gorgeous and I want you to know that as I'm sitting there listening to your description nice use of text as
well fantastic as I'm sitting there listening to your description my mind is
in Cyprus with the cult of Aphrodite celebrating the death and resurrection
of Adonis yeah and exactly the descript even down to the very concept of what
waters are and how the life comes from them it's just it boggles my mind that
the Bronze Age that the Bronze Age was able to produce such Brilliance such uh
such incredible sophisticated religion medicine
culture yeah yeah okay is there anything else you wanted to say yeah I just
wanted to end this with my own little personal thing is that when I was I got to travel to India with my professor and
my professor was an expert as I said on uh tantrica and he was working specifically with the agoris and the
igories are uh or a certain sect and one of the ways in which they do this
thing they have this symbol here is the lingam in the Yoni United this is a
lingam and this is representative of the churning of the ocean of the milk this
um what then they do in this particular cult is they have the guru called the
nagasadhu who ingests the poison of the Viper and then he offers his
um seminal fluids to his followers as a ritual offering you know so they are
tripping on his fluids and this is happening to this day in one sect of uh
of Indian shaitism but yeah that's all I wanted that what do you do what do you do with that
Contraption British bring a thing back up to the camera real close and show me how you use it okay so this I use this
this is a central focus of the um this is representative of Shiva and Shakti
United together in one to produce the amrits and uh this is used as the idle
Focus um you're supposed to offer milk to this you douse this in milk
um this here this part here is the uh rudraksha that is uh literally the eye
of Shiva or the uh rude Rock should bead which you meditate upon it's the seed of
life this is again very saturnian she was seen as um using us as seeds to
produce trees and and doing that to us and so yeah this is an idle Focus that's supposed to be representative of that
myth the samudra mantum and uh when we we focus on this we remember this and
we're supposed to um use this to do this alchemical process in ourselves so the tantricas
also see this as a process that's occurring within yourself the spine is
vasuki the snake that's unfolding um you are have when you have an orgasm
you are shooting this energy up through your body that's expounding out through
your third eye and this is your Enlightenment experience this is it's
about it's it's this image is showing you and telling you the myths in symbolic form and you're supposed to
worship and engage with it so that you subconsciously and physically recreate
the mystery and you do this as a discipline daily so you can bring that milk with that
device let me just just throw in for us on your back wall there
um just tell us in a couple of sentences who is that okay so on the back wall That's Kali so
Kali she is the Shakti she is the Divine energy she is the fire she is the one
she is Shiva in it's active um Force so in my conception this is
Lady Babylon right this is that force of destruction of the of fire so she in
that particular painting there is in an action of destroying the universe and
sheba throws himself at her feet to beg her to stop and they're paused like this
and she's actually crying out in shame because she's like I'm just about to kill my husband because I can't calm the
F down but yeah she's a powerful powerful figure that is the goddess that's the
you know beautiful I wanted I wanted you to bring that up because I wanted to bring it back to Australia right and I
wanted us to see that generation of Dawn and what they were doing was the mystery
um Darren and I had a nice discussion today which came which came first who was contributing what and they'll they
can shoot those arrows as much as they want and try to figure it out right and who knows maybe maybe they will
um we talked about the founder too I want to find out who it was who perfected it and was able to use their
own body um and of course everybody in my in my audience knows that um that I
think that the drugs if you trace the drugs back you go right back to caucus
with Medea and she's the one initiating this burning right and um but um East
and West oh it's great look they're joined like that isn't that gorgeous
um yeah Rob Rob um comments final comments Rob oh that was fantastic thank you very
much Darren thank you thank you it really was very descriptive I was lost I was I was going in there thank you uh no
final comments from me apart from thank you thank you to all the community and everyone for commenting
and putting your posts out there they're fantastic you should we we've got a
community that's growing and we're gonna do do a lot to try and accommodate it
and Rob you're still as as Chief uh Mason uh of the crown you are still
chasing down on the uh all the Regal connections there and
um the the history of your people with the right right pretty soon we're going to hear a presentation uh Rob's gonna
talk to us about um the same individual within the same
mystery through his own people's soil yeah and maybe some I don't know maybe
you go over to the Saxons and pull up pull up one of their you know images uh
one of their one of their linguistic images of the Great Str Queen yeah
something like that but Rob your Rob is working on that I've got remember we're detectives here and we're just tracking
down where this thing is coming from at the Garden of Gethsemane and I wanted everybody to know that you um I'm having
people on the show right I say show on satanic initiation it's not a show
satanic initiation and I've got people coming on but the rule is you have to to
maintain the Integrity of the process um I'm using the same ancient practice
right the scythians did this it's why you can you can say to scythian
something is to shave your head right a guy's doing the scythian thing he's he's
got himself shaved um we'll have Chris Bennett in the future come and talk to us about those
scythians and what they're up to and uh with their asterian but in order to come
on you have to in order to be interviewed within this space you have to shave your head
just like they did in Antiquity you have to shave your head right and if you if
you don't see the purpose yet if you don't see the death and rebirth process
um call up appuless book 11 and watch how he prepares for the initiations
watch and you'll you'll pick up on key terms and you're you're having ears to hear now so you'll pick those up and see
how he's using the magic if you don't want to shave your head I'm I'm uh
talking with Dr riglioso about coming on and talking to us about Virgin birth
because we need to address the Virgin birth right it's part of the whole part
of the the whole mystery so um uh she can uh uh there's an option as
there is for in the worship of Aphrodite and she'll understand this if you don't want to shave your head you must present
yourself publicly for the rights of Aphrodite
there are two peoples right there's those who mourn and shave their heads
and there are those who don't mourn
and keep their hair and the only time that we keep our hair
is when Adonis has been resurrected and then it's you're well within your you're
well within your rights so if you honor aphrodite um great but otherwise shave your head
and mourn mourn the death of the god that ice right for ears for those of you
with ears to hear hey uh great uh great beautiful Darren thank you so much thank
you so much now my mind is blown and I'm gonna have to go sit somewhere and contemplate just kind of catch up and I
uh we'll go to the Discord uh briefly because I'm just I'm overwhelmed I'm
just overwhelmed you guys are everybody out there is doing all the questions and discussion uh hey you guys are like a
school this is the future right this is this is the University of the future uh
yeah yeah okay well anything everybody can I get a hail Satan from everybody
thank you yes
foreign [Music]